chore: Explain choice between icon-only Button and Icon Button (#2052)
Amsterdam/design-system: packages/css/src/components/button/README.md

# Button

Allows the user to perform an action or operate the interface.

## Guidelines

> - Describe the Button’s function through a short label in the infinitive form.

Reviewer: Is there a simpler way to describe this? I've never heard of the infinitive form before 😅

- Use only 1 primary Button per screen.
- Wrap 2 or more consecutive buttons and/or links in an [Action Group](https://designsystem.amsterdam/?path=/docs/components-layout-action-group--docs).
- Add `type="submit"` to make the Button submit a form.
- Do not use a Button for navigation.

>   Use e.g. a [Standalone Link](https://designsystem.amsterdam/?path=/docs/components-navigation-standalone-link--docs) instead.

Reviewer: There is a bit of grey area here. You can use a button to submit a form, and redirect when that's done. That is sort of using a button for navigation.

Author: ```suggestion
- Do not use a Button to link to another page.
  Use a [Standalone Link](https://designsystem.amsterdam/?path=/docs/components-navigation-standalone-link--docs) instead, or an inline [Link](https://designsystem.amsterdam/?path=/docs/components-navigation-link--docs) in the running text.
```
